README.md, before:

# Project Title: To Do List
### A simple, intuitive, web application for managing your daily tasks. This Todo-List helps users stay organized by allowing them to add and delete tasks efficiently.

## Deployment Link: https://todoapp-git-main-raushan1504s-projects.vercel.app/
## Github Repositroy: https://github.com/Raushan1504/Todo-List
## Github Profile : https://github.com/Raushan1504

# Features
### Add Tasks : Quickly add new tasks to your list.
### Mark as Complete : Toggle tasks to mark them as done.
### Delete Tasks : Remove completed or unwanted tasks.
### Persistence : Tasks are saved (e.g., using Local Storage) so they remain available even after closing and reopening the browser.
### Clean UI/UX: A responsive and easy-to-use interface.


# Technology Stack
## Frontend
### HTML5
### CSS3
### JavaScript (ES6+):
## Backend
### NodeJs for server side logic 
## Database
### MySQL


# Getting Started
### To run and modify the project locally, you will need Git and a code editor (like VS Code).
## 1)Installation
### clone the repository git clone https://github.com/Raushan1504/Todo-List.git
##  2)Navigate to project directory
### cd Todo-List
##   3)Open the Project
### Simply open the index.html file in the preffered browser


# Contribution
### Contributions are welcome! If you have suggestions for features or improvements, please feel free to:
### Fork the repository.
### Create a new feature branch (git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature).
### Commit your changes (git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature').
### Push to the branch (git push origin feature/AmazingFeature).
### Open a Pull Request.


# Contact:
## email address : rashukumar1504@gmail.com
## email address[srm] : rk9296@srmist.edu.in

Commit message:

Update README with Live Server instructions
Added instructions to open the project with Live Server in VSCode.

README.md, after:

# Project Title: To Do List
### A simple, intuitive, web application for managing your daily tasks. This Todo-List helps users stay organized by allowing them to add and delete tasks efficiently.

## Deployment Link: https://todoapp-git-main-raushan1504s-projects.vercel.app/
## Github Repositroy: https://github.com/Raushan1504/Todo-List
## Github Profile : https://github.com/Raushan1504

# Features
### Add Tasks : Quickly add new tasks to your list.
### Mark as Complete : Toggle tasks to mark them as done.
### Delete Tasks : Remove completed or unwanted tasks.
### Persistence : Tasks are saved (e.g., using Local Storage) so they remain available even after closing and reopening the browser.
### Clean UI/UX: A responsive and easy-to-use interface.


# Technology Stack
## Frontend
### HTML5
### CSS3
### JavaScript (ES6+):
## Backend
### NodeJs for server side logic 
## Database
### MySQL


# Getting Started
### To run and modify the project locally, you will need Git and a code editor (like VS Code).
## 1)Installation
### clone the repository git clone https://github.com/Raushan1504/Todo-List.git
##  2)Navigate to project directory
### cd Todo-List
##   3)Open the Project
### Simply open the index.html file in the preffered browser
### or open with vscode and select "open with live server"


# Contribution
### Contributions are welcome! If you have suggestions for features or improvements, please feel free to:
### Fork the repository.
### Create a new feature branch (git checkout -b feature/AmazingFeature).
### Commit your changes (git commit -m 'Add some AmazingFeature').
### Push to the branch (git push origin feature/AmazingFeature).
### Open a Pull Request.


# Contact:
## email address : rashukumar1504@gmail.com
## email address[srm] : rk9296@srmist.edu.in
